# RSP_Pedlars
RSP Pedlar is an online platform to sell and buy cars. We are designing the Web portal to make it user-friendly for our users. On our portal, users can sell their used, refurbished cars too. However, our web portal will try to collect the maximum information from the seller so that the buyer gets the maximum exposure to the products. There are the following characteristics of our website. ● Users can perform a quick Registration process on RSP Pedlar for buying and selling their products. ● Our web portal will check the authenticity of the buyers. Fake registration would be voided ● Users will get free motivational quotes. ● For the sellers to sell any cars on our web portal then we are collecting the following information: o The seller can upload images of the products o The seller can also add a short video (it’s totally optional) o The seller can provide a few details as follows: ▪ For Cars: VIN Number, Make, Model, Year of purchase, any warranty on car available or can attach Carfax reports or can attach the copy of maintenance report (if any) o All the above information can be filled easily on our website through an add post button and publish it. ● For the buyers, they can check the different types of products and can provide interest in it. ● Our online tool will provide a chat room for buyers and sellers in order to discuss any features of the product or negotiate the price of the products. ● Additionally, on interesting products, the buyer will get the phone number from our websites. ● For the buyers, our website helps in finding the nearest sellers so that they can meet and experience the products ● Users can learn the functionality of our application for buying and selling products by clicking on the help button from the header. ● In case of any discrepancy, we are providing online support to our users to resolve their conflicts.
